Add a place form
	I need the first part to be quick and efficient to look up a place ussing google
	Also, give the option to enter a name / description / city quick entry from for later update (a draft of sorts) - we can sometimes be on the road, with poor cell signal but would like to be able to make a quick entry. 
	Redesign the form so that when searching in google, I can see the different options. Collapse everything else until the 
	I would like a way to 'create an itenerary' and select one or multiple locations from within here and then create an itinerary. This would be a type of itenerary called something like 'unscheduled' where I could go to later and set visit days for each of the stops and create a fully functional itinerary
	I shluld also have an option to 'plan visit', or if already visited, 'add visit'. Keep a history of every visit, with notes and attachments for every stop.
	Also need a full/compact view

Itinirary
	I can only create two trips
	I need instructions on the screen as to how to create an itinerary
	While switching the status from 'planned' to 'completed' I got no prompts and I cannot change it back. This is confusing.
	When adding an itinerary without fixed dates, it should be clasiffied as 'unplanned'
	When manual, use google search to find the place or address
	Flexible time mode field must be bigger so that selected text doesn't get cutoff
	Remove quick select time of day section.
	Use Quick select icon next to time, whether fixed or flexible
	Remove duration field
	Remove estimated cost
	remove booking URL
	allow me to edit planned stops
	I should not be able to move a planned stop that has a date or time to a spot with a date or time before. The logic applies only to stops within the same 'time slots' (Early, morning, midday etc)
	The planned stops section during creation should be grouped by days and be much more compact (one line) 
	I should be able to add notes and images to each stop. 
	Vastly improve layout of PDF export to be much more elegant and compact and easy to read
	Normal view wastes too much space. Move progress bar to 
	Make UI more compact and intuitive without loosing its elegance. 
